{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue10;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22800\viewh11400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
<book name= \'ab
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Adventure Holiday \'97 Explore The Forest
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'bb lang=\'abru\'bb>\
	<tree>\
<list id="0" art="pict">\
\
                            
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 During the summertime the most pleasant activity is to go to the forest to pick some mushrooms or just to walk. So little Billy with his sister Patricia and his mother decided as well to make a small trip in the forest.  But something wrong has happened \'97 Patricia was bitten by wasp. While her mother tried to help her treating a wound and calming her, Billy has stood out of the path. \cf2 In the begining he had an impression that nothing bad had happened and that he could easlily find the way back. However, 5, 10 and even 15 minutes passed, but he stilll could not find the way to the path. What can the little boy do all alone in the forest, when everything around looks so frightening and strange ?\cf2 \

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f0\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
			<ansver link="1">1) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 He should sit calmly and think.
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 </ansver>\
			<ansver link="2">2) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Panic is a normal reaction, has anybody seen the eight-year-old boy calmly analysing the situation?
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 </ansver>\
		</list>\
		\
\
<list id="1" art="pict">\
		
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 To sit a little bit on a stub and calm down is the most rational behaviour in this situation. It is great that Billy's mom is a practical woman \'97 she put in his backpack a flashlight, some food, water and a little box of medecines. Of course nobody plans to get lost in the forest, but it is always better to be prepared. So, no panic and a supply of necessary things is a good beginning. What to do then?\

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
			<ansver link="3">1) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 I should stay here and wait for parents or rescuers
\f2\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
.
\f0\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
			<ansver link="4">2) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 I am not supposed to go very far, so I can try to find the path by myself.
\f2\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\f0\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
		</list>\
		\
\
<list id="2" art="pict">\
			
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Do you know what is \'abthe trick of the right leg\'bb? Righthander's right leg makes bigger step than the left one and vice versa. That's why in the forest without any visual landmarks, it is easier to start walking in circles. Billy has made some circles and finally he got tired. It is rather dangerous to panic, so he has to sit and think what he can do next. First of all, how can he reach people?
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
                                 <ansver link="5">1) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 You can look around carefully, possibly you'll see the aerials or chimneys of factories, a path or a stream. If you go to down to follow a path or a stream, you can reach the river, and there you might meet people.\

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
			        <ansver link="6">2) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 I need to stop and listen carefully, maybe I'll hear dogs barking, sounds of working agrimotor or of a moving train.\

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\f0\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
		</list>\
\
		\
<list id="3" art="pict">\
			 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 After sitting on a stump for a long time, Billy started to worry, because it seems like that no one was going to look for him. Perhaps he should go somewhere?\

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
                                <ansver link=\'937\'94>1) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 No, I'll better stay here. I'm sure I did not go very far, so it will be easier for rescuers to find me. And if I choose the wrong direction, I can move far from them and then I don't know when I can be found.\

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\f0\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
			       <ansver link=\'934\'94>2) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 It's better to search for the path by myself. I don't know how long I can wait here.\

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
  
\f0\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
					</list>\
		\
<list id="4" art="pict">\
\pard\pardeftab225

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 After walking around for several hours, Billy still did not manage to get out from the forest. but he became very tired and got completely lost. The sun started to set and it became colder. The boy had to do something. 
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720
\cf0 		               <ansver link="8">1) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Now I should really remain here, I'll try to find the dry branches and grass to make a fire and get warm. Moreover it will be easier to find me with the light and smoke from the fire. I have to collect some dry bark, branches or feathers, then find some dry wood and stick. Then I have to make a small hole in the wood, put there a piece of bark and a stick and start to turn it actively. When the spark appears, blow up the fire carefully.
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
			       <ansver link="9">2) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 I need to collect some dry branches and build a shelter, where I can spend the night. And now I can send the SOS signs with my flashlight. My dad told me that I have to make three signs in a row with a pause, so that they will notice me.
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
		</list>\
		\
<list id="5" art="pict">\
			
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Billy has noticed a flying helicopter. What should he do?
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
			        <ansver link=\'9310\'94>1) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Try to attract helicopter's attention: go to more opened place, waving arms or a brignt thing.
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
			       <ansver link=\'9311\'94>2) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Sit under the tree and look at this helicopter flying away \'97 lucky, perhaps it goes home\'85 
\f2\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\f0\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
		</list>\
		\
<list id="6" art="pict">\
			
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Billy has heard the barking of dogs. What should he do?
\f2\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\f0\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
                                 <ansver link=\'9310\'94>1) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Cry and make noise, the dogs are probably with people, that's why someone can find him.
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
                                 <ansver link=\'9312\'94>2) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Hide behind the tree and sit silently, because dogs are predators, they can attack. 
\f2\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\f0\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
\
		</list>\
<list id="7" art="pict">\
			
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Billy has sat here for a couple of hours, eating the food that mom has put in his backpack. And finally rescuers crew has found him, because he did not make their challenge more complicated and did not move further to the depth of the forest. 
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
                    		</list>\
		\
<list id="8" art="pict">\
			
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Billy made a fire and sat close to it all night, keeping it burning. In the morning rescuers have found him because they noticed the smoke of the fire and realized where he was.
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
				</list>\
		\
<list id="9" art="pict">\
			
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 During the night nobody found Billy, but he did not get desperated, because someone was searching for him. They'll find him, he just needs to wait. But now his water and food supplies are almost finished. Should he go to find some food and water?
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
					</list>\
                                 <ansver link=\'932\'94>1) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Yes, I see around the strawberry that we have picked with my mom. It's a great breakfast!
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
                                 <ansver link=\'932\'94>2) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 This cute red mushroom with white stains is likely very tasty!
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
\
		\
<list id="10" art="pict">\
			 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 It was the rescuers crew! They found Billy, warmed him up, gave him food and brought him home to his mom and little sister.
\f2\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
                          \
		</list>\
		\
<list id="11" art="pict">\
			
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Perhaps I have missed the helicopter for nothing. I should listen again. Seems like I hear dogs! 
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
			<ansver link=\'9310\'94>1) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Cry and make noise, the dogs are probably with people, that's why someone can find him.
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
			<ansver link="12">2) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Hide behind the tree and sit silently, because dogs are predators, they can attack.
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
					</list>\
		\
<list id="12" art="pict">\
			
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Perhaps I was scared by the dogs for nothing. I should look around. Seems like I see the helicopter!
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
                                <ansver link=\'9310\'94>1) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Try to attract helicopter's attention: go to more opened place, waving arms or a brignt thing.
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
		               <ansver link=\'9311\'94>2) 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Sit under the tree and look at this helicopter flying away \'97 lucky, perhaps it goes home\'85 
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
</ansver>\
					</list>\
		\
<list id="13" art="pict">\
			 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 There are a lot of food in the forest \'97 mushrooms and berries. But you can eat only those, that you know. Don't eat strange mushrooms and berries, they can be poisonous. So what should you do now?\

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
                                <ansver link=\'932\'94>
\f2\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
        
\f0\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
					</list>\
\
<list id=\'9314\'94 art="pict">\
			 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Don't eat this mushroom ! It is poisounous and very dangerous ! Don't eat strange mushrooms and berries in no case, because they can be poisounous! Even if you know for sure that these mushrooms are not poisonous, they should be cooked before you eat them. Now you should decide, what to do.\

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
                                <ansver link=\'932\'94>
\f2\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
        
\f0\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
					</list>\
\
	\
		}